README.md, before:

# Salesforce Oauth Request

A bit of Requests driven utility code to drive the Salesforce.com Oauth2 Web flow. Use this module to login to a Salesforce account using just the username and password. Good for tests and scripts which need
Salesforce access_token access.

## Installation

```pip install salesforce-oauth-request```

## Usage

You need a Connected App defined in Salesforce so that you have all these pieces of info:

1. `client ID`
2. `client secret`
3. `redirect uri`

Now you can get an `access_token` and `instance_url` like this:

```
import salesforce_oauth_request

result = salesforce_oauth_request.login(username=username,
										password=password,
										client_id=client_id,
										client_secret=client_secret,
										redirect_uri=redirect_uri)

print "Access token:  %s" + result['access_token']
print "Refresh token: %s" + result['refresh_token']
print "Instance URL:  %s" + result['instance_url']

# Now use access_token, instance_url for REST, SOAP, or BULK API access.
```

## Testing

You can run the simple test script like this:

```python test.py```

It will prompt you for all the values, drive the login, and print the results.

Commit message:

Added ability to cache SF sessions

README.md, after:

# Salesforce Oauth Request

A bit of Requests driven utility code to drive the Salesforce.com Oauth2 Web flow. Use this module to login to a Salesforce account using just the username and password. Good for tests and scripts which need
Salesforce access_token access.

## Installation

```pip install salesforce-oauth-request```

## Usage

You need a Connected App defined in Salesforce so that you have all these pieces of info:

1. `client ID`
2. `client secret`
3. `redirect uri`

Now you can get an `access_token` and `instance_url` like this:

```
import salesforce_oauth_request

result = salesforce_oauth_request.login(username=username,
										password=password,
										client_id=client_id,
										client_secret=client_secret,
										redirect_uri=redirect_uri)

print "Access token:  %s" + result['access_token']
print "Refresh token: %s" + result['refresh_token']
print "Instance URL:  %s" + result['instance_url']

# Now use access_token, instance_url for REST, SOAP, or BULK API access.
```
## Options

```
cache_session=True/False - default False
```

Pass the option `cache_session=true` to save the access token to `~.sf_oauth`
to save time on repeated runs.

```
sandbox=True/False - default False
```

Pass `sandbox=True` to use a sandbox login.
## Testing

You can run the simple test script like this:

```python test.py```

It will prompt you for all the values, drive the login, and print the results.
